If you get low FPS or FPS drops in
Valerant on your PC or laptop, this
video is the one for you. I'm going to
show you how to boost FPS, fix, and FPS
drops in Valerant without any BS. So,
let's get right into it. The very first
thing that you want to do is go down
into the description and download the
Valerant Ultimate FPS pack. Once you
have it downloaded, you can go ahead and
open it up to create a system restore
point. Just in case that something
doesn't work for you, you can easily
revert everything. Assuming that you
have done that, we can go back into the
pack and go into the registry
optimizations. So, I've gathered a bunch
of useful registry optimizations inside
of this one single file and why I have
kept both of these separate. I'll get
into that later. For now, I'm just going
to go ahead and show you what this one
will do. So, this is going to disable
the spectre and meltdown patches, which
are no longer required by Windows since
modern browsers come with their own
patches, and these keep running in the
background, eating up CPU resources.
Then it disables the GPU energy driver
which is a useless service. It also
disables the driver searching with
Windows update because you should always
be manually updating your drivers
instead of relying on Windows. Win32
priority is set to 26 which then prefers
your games. Then exclusive full screen
basically a bunch of different things
that you can read here to make sure that
you're running your games inside of
exclusive full screen. It also disables
power throttling. However, if you are on
a laptop then I would recommend changing
this value to zero instead of one. Then
there's the natural throttling and
system responsiveness which are both set
right here. And game scheduling is
basically setting the priority of the
games to high. Then disable sleep will
of course disable sleep and same thing
for the disable hibernation. Disabling
automatic maintenance will make sure
that the Windows does not start
maintenance services while you are
gaming and hence causing stutters or FPS
drops. Then here are a few of the mouse
fixes which make sure that your
sensitivity feels right and your mouse
input is accurate. And then finally,
there's the disable background apps,
especially for Windows 11 users because
otherwise you would have to go inside of
every single app and then disable it
from there. But of course, this will
also work for Windows 10. And then it
also disables the widgets on Windows 11.
And all you need to do is simply double
click on it, hit yes, and then hit okay.
Then disable prefetch. Now, the reason I
have kept this one separate is because
those of you who only have a hard drive
and don't have an SSD should not be
using this one. But if you have an SSD,
then go ahead and disable prefetch. And
finally, there's the Valerant high
priority. The reason this one is
separate is because if you are not
playing Valerant and you want to
optimize your PC for any other game,
then you can simply go ahead and skip
this one too. But of course, we're going
to be playing Valerant, so I'm going to
go ahead and use this one as well. Let's
go back into the pack and move on to
reduce the number of processes. Now, I
would recommend starting off with using
auto runs. And all you need to do is
rightclick on it and run it as admin.
Once it's done loading everything, go on
to the loon tab and simply uncheck
anything [music] that you don't want to
start up with your Windows. For example,
I don't want to start up the Brave
browser, Chrome, or even Microsoft Edge.
I also don't want to start up the lively
wallpaper and even notion. So, I'm going
to go ahead and uncheck all of those.
And that's basically it. Now, we can
also move on to schedule task and
uncheck any of the scheduled task that
you don't want the Windows to perform on
every startup. For example, I'm going to
go ahead and uncheck the Mozilla updater
as well as the Microsoft Edge updater,
the Windows updater, the Windows media
sharing, the Google updater, the FTM
updater, the Brave updater. all of these
useless updators that I don't want to
run every time with Windows. Just make
sure that you never uncheck anything
that is related to your graphics code or
your Windows and you should be good.
Then we can go ahead and move on to
services and we are going to be
basically repeating the same thing
inside of here once again. So I'm going
to uncheck any of these Brave services
or as well as the ad services, the
Google Chrome services, and that's
basically it. Now all we need to do is
close out of this and restart our PC.
Now we will be restoring the PC in a
bit, but let's go back and let's go to
apply all. Now, what this one will do is
if I right click on it and click on
edit, as you can see, you can basically
go ahead and read through every service
that it's going to disable. Most of
these are pretty useless services, but
even if you do use some of these
services, you can always revert them
using these batch files. But for now,
let's go back once again, right click on
it, and run it as admin. And this is
going to start in 5 seconds. And then
it's going to go ahead and disable all
of those useless services. Once it's
done, you can press any key to continue.
And also, it was made by Kov Tech as you
can see right here. So, then press any
key to continue. and it's going to close
out. Then there is the SVC host split
threshold. Now what this one will do is
actually group a bunch of services
together and it's going to tremendously
help you reducing the number of
processes. Now one thing to keep in mind
is that low number of processes does not
always mean better performance. However,
it is still important to keep them as
low as possible since higher processes
will of course always mean lower
performance if they're using a lot more
resources. So simply right click on it
and run it as admin. Now inside of here
you will need to input your RAM in MBs.
You can go ahead and convert your RAM
for me. I have 16 gigs of RAM and it
should be 16384 I believe. And then I
hit enter and that's 16 gigs. And now it
has automatically applied. Go ahead and
check your RAM and input that in the
amount of MBs. And then one more
important thing inside of here is for
hard drive users. Once again, if you
don't have an SSD and only a hard drive,
then go ahead and use this one after you
have used the apply all bath. But for
the rest of you with an SSD, we can go
ahead and move on to the next step, and
that is device cleanup. Inside of here,
the very first thing that we want to do
is, of course, delete all of the logs
and temporary files. Now, of course, all
of these files are completely safe to
delete, and these will not only free up
some space, but also improve the overall
Windows snappiness. So, right click on
it and run it as admin, and then let it
do its work in the background. The next
one is the device cleanup. So, simply
right click on it and run it as admin,
and it's going to open up this
interface. Now, inside of here, what you
want to do is click on devices, then
select all, then once again devices, and
remove selected. This is going to delete
all of those non-present devices that
were once connected to your system but
are no longer connected to it. The last
one is of course the Windows update
cache cleaner. So simply right click on
it and run it as admin. And once again
it's going to stop the Windows update
service and then it's going to clean up
the update cache. And that's it. Now we
can move on to the optimizers. The first
one here is the MSI utility. So we're
going to right click on it and run it as
admin. Make sure that you run all of
these programs as admin otherwise they
may not work properly. Inside of here
just find your graphics card. Make sure
to check the MSI box and then set the
interrupt priority to high and then
click on apply. Then close out of this
and we can move on to unparking the CPU
core once again running as admin. Once
this loads up, make sure to click on
unpark all, hit okay, apply, okay, and
you can close out of this. This is going
to make sure that none of the cores are
idle and all of them are performing at
their peak performance. The final one is
the WPD. So, simply right click on it
once again and run it as admin. Now,
what is WPD? WPD is the Windows privacy
dashboard and it basically blocks off
all of the telemetry as well as the
spying services that are used by
Microsoft. As you can see, I have
disabled all of the telemetry and I'm
also going to go ahead and block all of
the telemetry IPs. Once you're done with
both of these, you can go on to privacy
and inside of here, just make sure that
all of these are turned off as you can
see right here. Inside of the blocker,
go ahead and click on the telemetry. You
can also go with extra or even blocking
the updates from here, but I wouldn't
really recommend that. And finally,
there are the apps. You can simply go
ahead and uninstall any of the apps
[music] that you don't want to use on
your system. This is basically helping
you debloat your Windows with minimal
effort. Once you're done with this,
let's move on to the final one and that
is advanced. Inside of here, there is
the Windows Defender. Now, in case of
Valerant specifically, having Windows
Defender on can cause a lot of stutters.
This may not be the case for a lot of
you, but for some people, Windows
Defender does cause a lot of stutters
inside of Valerant. Also, disabling
defender puts your system at a risk if
you do not search safely online. So I
would only recommend this to those who
know what they are doing and who are
facing stutters because of the Microsoft
Defender. And all you would need to do
is simply drag these files onto this
power run and then hit yes and that
would be it. Now you can go ahead and
restart your PC and enjoy the improved
experience. So moving on to the
benchmarks, the average FPS went from
around 216 to around 268, which is like
a 50 FPS improvement on average. and the
1% lows went from 140s to 180s, which is
a massive improvement as this is what
actually helps prevent stutters and FPS
drops. However, keep in mind that every
system is different, so you may see more
or less improvement or FPS boost
depending on your system. But if you
want to get even more FPS, then check
out this video right